In this directory there are 8 example programs for the Planar Map package.

Note: All the examples work with the double number type so that the examples
      will run on machines where LEDA was not installed. The specific data
      was chosen so that no robustness problems will occour. The user should
      be cautious when changing such data without first chaning to an exact
      number type.

example1:
  The example demonstrates an insertion of curves into the planar
  map, checking its validity and performing vertical ray shooting.
  By: Eyal Flato and Iddo Hanniel

example2:
  This example  is identical to example1 but uses the exact traits (with    
  Homogeneous coordinates. It also tests the remove function      
  By:   Eyal Flato and Iddo Hanniel

example3:
  The example tests the point location in various possibilities 
  It also demonstrates the usage of const iterators and const     
  circulators when passing a const referance to a planar map   
  By: Doron Jacoby and Iddo Hanniel 

example4:
  The example tests the split_edge function with the exact traits.        
  Also operator<< is shown - note the output format of the       
  planar map will probably go through changes in the future (this
  is why it does not appear in the documentation).                
  By: Iddo Hanniel

example5:
  This example tests the direct insertion functions (insert_from_vertex etc.)
  and uses the naive point location strategy instead of the        
  default strategy provided.                                       
  By: Iddo Hanniel

example6:
  This example also demonstrates the direct insertion functions
  (insert_from_vertex etc.).  
  This is an example of using the specialized insertion functions and the
  exact traits.                          
  (the naive point location is more suitable for these functions  
  and is therefore the one used.                                  
  By: Iddo Hanniel

example7:
  This example tests the use of straight exact traits with 
  Cartesian coordinates over doubles and default point location.
  insertions and vertical ray shooting.
  By: Eyal Flato, Iddo Hanniel and Oren Nechushtan

example8:  
  This example tests the use of straight exact traits with 
  flexible representation type (cartesian versus homogeneous
  coordinates), flexible point location (naive versus default),
  and the direct insertion functions (insert_from_vertex etc.)
  By: Oren Nechushtan

example9:
  This example tests the use of IO functions provided for Planar map.
  This example demonsrates a trivial usage of reading Planar map from 
  input stream and writing it to output stream. Writing the Planar map 
  to a Postscript file is also demonstated in this example.
  example9.cin is the example input file of this program (example9 < example9.cin).
  By: Eti ezra.
 
example10:
 This example is also a demonstration of the IO functions for Planar map.
 It presents an advance udage of the IO utilities.
 When users would like to add attribures to their planar map components and then 
 using the IO functions on the resulting planar maps.
 example10.cin is the example input file of this program (example10 < example10.cin).
 By: Eti ezra.

