/*!
	\mainpage A simple C++ PDB reader

	\section i Introduction

	This is a simple C++ PDB reader along with a couple of
	 programs which use it to manipulate pdb files (applying a
	 rigid transform or splitting/merging). The are aimed at
	 people interested in proteins and RNA from a geometric
viewpoint as
	 they allow easy access to the geometry and bond structure in
	 addition of the biological information. The library has two
	 modes for reading/writing a pdb file. The simplest one,
	 through the Chain class just reads and writes a single
	 protein from/to a pdb file (which must have only one chain,
	 but can have multiple models). The second, through the PDB
	 class can handle pdb files with multiple models and herogens
	 (although these are just passed through and not currently
	 interpreted).

	 Once a PDB is read, atom coordinates can be extracted,
	 proteins can be aligned, and cRMS and dRMS can be computed, among
	 other things.

	The library is now tightly integrated with CGAL (http://www.cgal.org) and shipped as part of that library. 
	 
	\section struct Structure

	Once a PDB file is read a PDB object is created. It
	contains a number of Model objects corresponding to
	each of the models in the PDB file. Each of these contains
	several Chain objects once for each chain in the
	Model.
	 
	\section progs Utility Programs

	The library includes several utilities

	- pdb_split which can split pdb files into separate models or
          chains.

	- pdb_tree which prints information about a PDB.

	The programs use boost::program_options in order to handle
	more complicated command line argument. The boost library can
be found at http://www.boost.org
	(and there are packages for most linux distributions).

	\section ex Examples
	
	Examples for how to use the Chain and PDB
	classes for reading and writing PDB files are detailed with
	the respective classes. In addition, a program for splitting
	one pdb containing several models into seperate pdb files is
	included in the examples section.

	
	\section bugs Bugs/Issues

	- Heterogens are not interpreted. They will be passed through
          with each model just fine, but no data is extracted.

	- Heterogens which are stored using ATOM records instead of
          HETATM records cause errors.

	\section Download

	As me for the code drussel@salilab.org.

	\section Changes
	- 2.0 A rewrite which tied it in with CGAL and made it more iterator based. Many examples and demos were removed as they have not yet been updated. Most of the core functionality is much more cleanly accessible. 

	- 1.0.4 Added structal like refinement of alignment of two
              different proteins.
	
	- 1.0.3 Better handling of gaps in residue sequences and a
              tool to strip sidechains from a pdb file.

	- 1.0.2 Mostly just cleaned up the code. A bug fix with cRMS.
	
	- 1.0.1 Added arguments to control printing of error messages
              when reading pdb files.

	- 1.0 added support for computing cRMS and dRMS to
            pdb_align. Some bug fixes.

	- 0.9.7 added alignment and cRMS/dRMS code.

	- 0.9.6 adds many consistency check allowing it to better
              handle differences in atom naming schemes.

	\section thanks Thanks

	Thanks to Nikola for an earlier PDB reader from which I took the bond and atom data. 
	The work was funded by a NSF graduate fellowship.
	

 */
